docs: change the clone url (#307)
stackblitz/tutorialkit: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Repo Setup

> The TutorialKit repo is a monorepo using pnpm workspaces. The package manager used to install and link dependencies must be [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/). pnpm version 8.15.6 is required (npm i -g pnpm@8.15.6)

Reviewer: Instead of hard-coding the version here, we should mention that we use `packageManager` field and utilize Node's Corepack.
 
```suggestion
The TutorialKit repo is a monorepo using pnpm workspaces. The package manager used to install and link dependencies must be [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/). Package manager versioning is handled by [`packageManager`](https://nodejs.org/api/packages.html#packagemanager) field that's supported by [Node's Corepack](https://nodejs.org/api/corepack.html) and other tools.
```
